applications: nrf5340_audio: Implement minimum MCS functionality (#9147)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

   The playback volume increases for both headsets.
#. Press the **VOL-** button on the gateway.
   The playback volume decreases for both headsets.
#. Press the **PLAY/PAUSE** button on any one of the devices.
   The playback stops for both headsets and the streaming state for all devices is set to paused.
#. Press the **RESET** button on the gateway.
   The gateway resets and the playback on the unpaused headset stops.
   After some time, the gateway establishes the connection with both headsets and resumes the playback on the unpaused headset.
#. Press the **PLAY/PAUSE** button on any one of the devices.

>    The playback resumes in both headsets.

Reviewer: in -> on

Author: Disagree, the audio is in the headset, not on the headset

* You must :ref:`select the BIS mode manually <nrf53_audio_app_configuration_select_bis>` before building the application.
* You can play the audio stream with different audio settings on the receivers.
  For example, you can decrease or increase the volume separately for each receiver during playback.

> * When pressing play/pause the streaming state will only change for that given headset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When pressing the **PLAY/PAUSE** button on a headset, the streaming state only changes for that given headset.
```

> * Pressing play/pause on the gateway will start/stop the stream for all headsets listening in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Pressing the **PLAY/PAUSE** button on the gateway will respectively start or stop the stream for all headsets listening in.
```
